ENH: Adding parameters to unwrap (#14877)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/14877. new_feature.rst

> `numpy.unwrap` has new `min_val` and `max_val` arguments for handling non-radian wrapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numpy.unwrap` has new ``min_val`` and ``max_val`` arguments for handling non-radian wrapping
```

Double backticks for code, single for function names that can be linked. Will need to lengthen the underline too.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The `unwrap` function has been improved to support other wrapping cases like overflow 

> with integers when these keyword-only arguments are given (old behavior is unchanged)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with integers when these keyword-only arguments are given. The default behavior is unchanged.
```
